Teamwork report:
Each person is to place answers to these questions in a file called teamwork.txt inside their
docs directory, and submit this along with any postlab questions which were asked for the
current lab.
The contents of your report are to be confidential between you, the course instructor, and the TA
staff. (Counts for 2 points on the lab - while there are no "right" answers, a zero will be assigned
if it looks like you gave little or no thought to any of these questions.)
1. Rate yourself and your partner or partners on the following criteria. Apply each criterion to
each of your partners individually. Answer on a scale of 1 to 5 where 1 = strongly disagree, 3 =
indifferent, 5 = strongly agree.
This team member made a sincere effort (to the best that you can tell) to figure out the design and testing so as to be able to contribute to the team effort.
Ni Kang 5
Haoming Zhang 4
Haobo Chen 4
This team member was respectful and considerate of other team members.
Ni Kang 5
Haoming Zhang 5
Haobo Chen 5
This team member fulfilled all promised or commitments to team members including those listed in ground rules 1-5.
Ni Kang 5
Haoming Zhang 5
Haobo Chen 5
You were able to achieve or learn more with this partner than you would have without.
Ni Kang 5
Haoming Zhang 3
Describe briefly your contribution to the team effort
I provided the idea of the 9 bit shift register.
3. Describe briefly the contribution of each of the other team members.
Ni Kang figured out how to build the RCU block
Haoming Zhang helped us to understand how the timer module works
4. How many times did you and your team-mate(s) meet? How frequently did you e-mail or
instant message your team-mate(s)?
We met twice for lab 4.
We are always together, there is no need to use other communication tools
5. Did you learning anything useful from any of your team-mates? If so, who was it and what
did you learn?
I had a hardtime understanding the what the timer module does. Haoming was a great help on that part.
6. Whose testbench code (viewed on Piazza) significantly helped you? How?
Ni's testbench helped me a lot since it has a very high coverage. With her help, I was able to test most possible cases of my code.
